1390009                      OBODM (Version xx.x)                               
                                 DATA FORMAT                                       
                         {F3 returns to current menu}                              
                                                                                
  B) FREE FIELD FORMAT INPUT HOURLY METEOROLOGICAL AND/OR SOURCE DATA -         
                                                                                
      The user specifies via interactive screen menu which meteorological       
  or source variables are to be read from the input hourly data file(s).        
  Also, the user specifies the relative position in the input record of         
  the value for each input variable.  There can be more values in the input     
  record than variables being read.  Only numeric data values can appear in     
  the input data record.  Input data values must be separated by a comma or     
  a blank.  Leading blanks are ignored.  Two or more consecutive commas         
  indicate one or more skipped or non-existent values.  Multiple consecutive   
  blanks are treated as one blank.  Variables that have skipped over values     
  due to multiple consecutive commas retain their previous value.  If a blank   
  precedes or follows a comma, the blank(s) is ignored.  Numeric data values    
  may be entered as whole numbers (101), decimal fractions (101.012) or in      
  exponent form (1.01012E2), but must not contain imbedded blanks.  If data     
  errors are detected (data out of range or erroneous characters), a message    
  is written to the print output file as to the nature of the error and where   
  it occurred.                                                                  
                                                                                
                                                                                
  {PgUp for prev page, PgDn for next page}                                      
