1360009                      OBODM (Version xx.x)                               
                               PROGRAM CONTROL                                     
                         {F3 returns to current menu}                              
      Program options and parameter data required by the OBODM program are      
  specified in various screen menus.  The menus are organized as to the type    
  of data required in the menu, such as source data or meteorological data.     
  Access to the various menus is controlled through a main menu, where this     
  main menu shows the various types of data required and whether or not data    
  are present (SET/NONE/WARN/ERR).  If SET or WARN is displayed for each        
  data type in the main menu, the OBODM model may be executed.  However, if    
  NONE or ERR is displayed for any data type, the OBODM model may not be       
  executed and the user must transfer to the respective data type menus to      
  set or correct the data.  Also, if WARN or ERR is displayed, a message        
  concerning the warning or error has been written to the print output file.    
  You must execute the OBODM model or specify a previously generated           
  solution/graphics file prior to executing graphics.  Input data for the       
  different data types may be specified via optional input data files.          
  These optional input data files were generated in a previous run of the       
  OBODM program as output data save files.  When the OBODM program is           
  executed, a work file OBODWORK.OBD is created.  This work file can also       
  be used to initialize OBODM input data if the file exits in the user's        
  directory.                                                                    
                                                                                
                                                                                
  {F2 for main menu, PgDn for next page}                                        
