1480009                      OBODM (Version xx.x)                               
                                 DATA FORMAT                                       
                                                                                
  F) FREE FIELD FORMAT DIGITIZED MAP DATA -                                     
         Map data are used to plot a background map.  The first record in the   
    file must contain the distance units abbreviation in columns 53 & 54; the   
    rest of the record can contain any information.  All remaining records      
    identify map features to plot.  Map features to be plotted are specified    
    by a data record containing a special code (1-5) and map label.  If the     
    code is positive, the label is plotted to the right of the first X,Y        
    coordinate entered for the feature.  If negative, the label is plotted to   
    the left.  This map code record is immediately followed by one or more      
    records containing the X,Y coordinates of points defining the feature to    
    be plotted.  The special map codes are:                                     
    1 - Geographic boundary, such as a coastline, body of water, mountain       
        range, etc.  The accompanying label is not plotted, but must be         
        present.                                                                
    2 - Political boundary, such as a city, county, government installation,    
        etc.  This label is plotted.                                            
    3 - Roads or highways.  The label is not plotted, but must be present.      
    4 - Special sites, such as buildings, data sites, etc.  This label is       
        plotted.                                                                
    5 - Air-field.  This label is plotted.                                      
                                                                                
  {PgUp for prev page, PgDn for next page}                                      
